anyway very very clear I'll show you the
floor hey what's up you guys shortness
prime here doing another Marvel Select
figure of you on a long anticipated
Marvel Select carnage finally it's here
I'm very very excited for this trying to
pick one of you can't get at me that's
gonna be big big get your big badass
toys a big bad toy store calm click the
link in the description below standard
Marvel suck packaging over here we got a
lot of red going on cool image of
carnage right over there cool image of
carnage right over there on the back you
can see how you can interchange three
heads a C's ami Magneto cable there's as
long read up if you want to read it go
ahead and pause it now anyway let's get
to it and crack this thing open Dan
here's Marvel Select carnage out of the
packaging just looking absolutely
amazing if you're a fan of this
character you will love this figure I'm
just gushing over this thing now there
are a couple of tiny gripes I have with
this very very minor gripes but for the
most part this is an astounding figure I
absolutely love the paint sculpt he has
great articulation and he comes with
some awesome truly awesome accessories
let's take a closer look at the
accessories and then we'll take a closer
look at carnage carnage comes with nine
different interchangeable tendrils
I love these five over here these four
I'm not a huge fan of they don't have
been dyr in them and they just shoot
straight out but these two right here
and these two right here sculpted
similarly to each other so you get a
pair of each of these and then these are
all individually sculpted uniquely which
is really cool I like these ones the
most actually and to get a closer look
at the details on these man I just love
the way these are sculpted the paint
everything is just so cool about noon
with one of these straight ones right
here I wish they had a port for this
little peg right over here for the back
of the hand so it looks like he's kind
of shooting his symbiote webbing you
know but you can kind of wedge it in
there and I don't know let's see
kind of tricky but yeah I think that
looks pretty cool he's shooting his web
I really like how the ports on carnage
is back and everything are kind of
hidden you know I think that's pretty
cool so yeah one two three and then you
get a fourth hole right over there
another hole right there and then
another hole right there and then the
last hole is right so plugging these in
they do stay in pretty well
shake it's not going to fall out I think
that's really cool and you can't
articulate them you know you can have
them facing upside down or whichever way
you want you know so that's really cool
you know kind of facing outward like
that a little bit I think they look
cooler facing up though you know so
carnage comes with two sets of
interchangeable hands which are
freaking sick by the way you get these
regular hands that have spikes coming
out of them which are really really cool
I'm digging these a lot he's got this
sickles which is my favorite weapon that
carnage uses I really like this a lot
you get this blade that kind of just
spikes out over here these are all
detailed very nicely I love how this is
not just a solid black color get that
maroonish brownish color going over the
black on these these just look really
really badass very very happy with the
way these look and the hands are very
cool too damn I love all those sculpted
details in there just looks so sick if I
can see the Simba and round over here
something at this hand over here just
just stop man interchanging these and
plugging them in is not very difficult
at all they just snap right in there I
feel like the hands are a little on the
loose side but it doesn't really bother
me one bit because it just makes it a
little bit easier to detach these and
reapply them you can put the packs right
in there oh yeah takes a little bit of
might but not too bad so the figure has
three different head scopes this is the
cletus kasady head sculpt with the
symbiote wrapping around his face and I
just think this is great I love the
sculpt and coming around here I really
like that you can see the symbiote goop
kind of reaching around over the top of
the head spreading around these are not
detachable or anything like that I
really like the flesh tone too he kind
of looks like a weird grape Ailish kind
of color perfect for a psychopath and I
really like the attention to detail for
the mouth the teeth the eyes look great
over here I didn't notice that the
eyebrows were more of an orange color on
the prototype though this is more the
same color as the carnage red so that's
supposed to be more of a ginger color
but not a big deal
and here's a classic carnage head sculpt
with a Mark Bagley head sculpt which is
my favorite out of the three this is the
carnage I'm most familiar with I just
love the way this came out man just
looking too sick over here it's kind of
tricky to pick up on the camera but they
did use a pearlescent white paint right
there for those eye sections now I can't
pinpoint exactly where this head sculpt
is referenced from but it reminds me of
Clayton cranes artwork some people are
calling this the ultimate carnage head
sculpt or the modern carnage head sculpt
I don't know but like I could see how
the eye pieces wrap all the way in the
back over there
this also has that pearlescent white
paint I really like that that you can
see the pink paint right there on the
inside of the mouth this is still a
really well made head sculpt over here
it's just not my favorite out of the
three now I did have a problem
interchanging the head sculpt on this
one because it would
watch the pin with it you know but I did
shave this down a little bit with an
exacto knife and now it doesn't do that
anymore
the other two head scopes I didn't have
any problems interchanging at all now I
really like the paint sculpt on this
figure as I mentioned earlier I just
think it came out great man I like how
you can see all these little sculpted
lines kind of looking like muscle tissue
through and through over here just a
symbiotic goop all over it just looks
really really cool think the different
sections of the figure match up pretty
well over here just a really
good-looking piece man I just really
like it the figure does have pickles at
the bottom of its feet and I like how
his legs are kind of on the lanky side
too you know Cletus Kasady kind of has
that link your kind of look as opposed
to venom who's a lot more bulky again it
looks like muscle tissue right over
there on the calves so we get some great
articulation on this figure he can look
up a reasonable amount looks down side
to side head movement and we do get some
neck pivots shoulders move outward that
much you can rotate them forward bicep
swivel single jointed elbows at does
bend in at 90 degrees you get a wrist
swivel over here and the hands hinge up
and down you get this really interesting
diaphragm joint over here that has a bit
of a gap which kind of looks weird but
it doesn't bother me so much because he
crunches forward very far and moves back
very far as well rotate side to side at
the diaphragm and you get some pivot
over there as well it's a little on the
loose side what's a shaky garnish and
when you get a waist swivel over here
you get these hip joints that move
outward you can't get him to kick
forward he doesn't really go back too
much he hasn't above the knee swivel
over here double jointed knees that Bend
all the way in ankles move down they
move up a little bit and he does have I
go baby so this is a 7-inch scale figure
and karnage stands at about 8 and a half
inches tall
here's select carnage compared to a
couple other carnage figures we have the
toy biz legends carnage and then the
Hasbro Marvel Legends carnage over here
I think this is a great Marvel Legends
figure but I will say I think this is
the ultimate carnage figure here select
carnage compared to a couple of select
spider-man figures we have the amazing
spider-man 2 spider-man and then the
comic version of spider-man over here
and I feel like carnage is a bit too
tall I don't think you should tower over
spider-man like this and here's carnage
next up Popeye over here we have the
Marvel Select venom and yeah that's the
biggest downside to this figure is the
scaling carnage should definitely be
shorter than venom and it's the other
way around over here and then here use
next to the Marvel Legends become the
tenth spider-man so the biggest problem
with this figure is that it is out of
scale but other than that this is simply
amazing I absolutely love this piece man
I think this is the best
carnage figure ever made especially as a
standalone the fun factors through the
roof I mean it's just a great piece and
I have been able to get this guy posed
with some Marvel Legends if I'm able to
Engel my camera right it can look pretty
cool and it looks like he's in scale so
you know if you're creative with it
you'll get some cool pictures out of
this guy anyway hope you guys like my
video if you did please hit that like
button hit the subscribe button right
over there check out my last two reviews
right over here and make sure you go to
marvelous news comm for a photo gallery
of images from this review I'll catch
you guys later peace that's crispy
actually possible to get this guy taking
pic I got don't work